docs(uib): issues on partially importing a page (#2813)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/bonita-ui-builder-best-practices.adoc

= Bonita UI Builder Best Practices
:page-aliases: applications:bonita-ui-builder-best-practices.adoc
:description: Learn how to manage common issues and warnings in Bonita UI Builder to build advanced and effective interfaces.

{description}

[.card-section]
== Sections

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:how-to-resolve-issues-with-partially-import.adoc[[.card-title]#How to resolve issues with partially importing a page# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Discover how to troubleshoot errors encountered while importing a page.]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:how-to-resolve-issues-with-partially-import.adoc[[.card-title]#Avoid unnecessary information messages# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Discover how to deal with notifications encountered while importing a page.]#]
```
